Gavilan College
CSIS 78 - PHP and MySQL Websites (Spring 2013)
Professor: Luis Barreto
Students: J. Gavin Ray & Johnathan Adams

This git repository is the team project coursework of team Axiom.

The creator of this project is J. Gavin Ray.  As of 3/10/13 Mr. Johnathan
Adams has agreed to release all rights of this project to J. Gavin Ray provided
that acknowledgements of Mr. Adams contributions are included in the documentation.

The initial project proposal is found within the "CSIS-78 Project Proposal.doc"
file, which is included in this Git.


3/10/13
Today Mr. Ray and Mr. Adams met to discuss the implementations of this system in
regards to what each "Actor" is responsible for.  The following is a rough
description of what will be needed.  This list will be updated with more details
as needed, or possible.


General Overview on how this software works:
A Rice Lake 920i shall stream data to our program through telnet, https, or comma
delimited file (at this point it has yet to be determined, but it will be which
ever is the quickest and easiest method of implementation).  This data shall be
injected into a "product" database for use later.

A "user" type account shall be able to view all of the contents of a database in
which they are associated with, in other words a "user" shall have access to one
database.  Within the confines of the one database restriction, a "user" shall be
able to view the contents of the database.  A "user" shall also be able to
manually input one row of raw data into the database.  A "user" shall be able to
import a comma delimited file into the database in which the "user" is 
associated with.

A "supervisor" type account shall inherit all of the abilities of an "user" 
account however it will also have additional functions.  A "supervisor" account
shall expand the ability of the "user" by having the ability to edit and delete
data contained within the database it is associated with.  A "supervisor" account
shall also have the ability to add "users" to its respective database thus
granting full "user" access.  A "supervisor" account shall be able to generate
and export PDF reports based on the contents of the database it is associated with.

An "administrator" type account shall inherit all of the abilities of both 
"supervisor" and "user" accounts however it will also have additional functions.
An "administrator" type account shall expand the ability of the "supervisor" by
having the ability to create, edit, and delete databases within the system.  The
"administrator" type account shall also be able to add "supervisor" and "user" type
accounts to the system.  In addition to the ability to create accounts, the
"administrator" shall be able to change the databases in which "supervisor" and
"user" type accounts are associated with.
 

Actor "Rice Lake 920i":
Stream raw data either via a telnet connection, https socket connection, or into
a comma delimited file for injection into an MySQL Database.  The data to be
transmitted:

Product Number (int), Product Name (string), Lot # (int), Number in Batch (int), Target Weight (float), Actual Weight (float), Date/Time

The programming of the Rice Lake 920i and the injection of raw data into a 
database shall be handled by J. Gavin Ray.


Actor "User":
To Be Added

Actor "Supervisor":
To Be Added

Actor "Administrator":
To Be Added

3/16/2013
Databases:

As mentioned above, databases shall place a crucial role in the overall design
and operation of this program.